welcome to a ctm map with Team Canada
guys this is star blight desert and this
is Etho and this is Paws ooh the
mysterious pause
not mysterious anymore I guess he's back
you revealed his name it's all over
that's right it's pause unpause
this is um this is it's been a while
yeah no
yeah no it has pause this is a ctm map
what's the last was the last one we
played also like a complete the monument
I can't remember if it was I don't know
last thing we did together was that
nether
Journey where we tried to oh that's good
I forgot about that that's right you're
right before that it was like Sky Blocks
together we haven't done a ctm in four
hours oh wow so this is gonna be a very
special series I'm sure filled with no
frustration whatsoever you guys don't
want the gear here I'll just take it all
well I was gonna read the sign you guys
can go ahead and grab the gear uh it
says looks like you Shipwrecked the
compass on your ship points to a place
of lunar power a monument of some kind
your faith gives you a Divine urge to
complete this Monument with wool found
in this Dead Land don't craft it don't
play on Peaceful there is no natural
health regeneration food restores Health
directly thus you have infinite Sprint
make sure the custom resource pack is on
your hunger bars should be missing and
this should look like a crate and it
does to me what'd you guys find over
there
cookies there's some good deer here beef
wait are you under I gotta chopped out a
tree I gotta get this message out here
okay there we go
see here let's see oh thanks Minecraft
so the compass points to the monument by
the way
um this see my skin here it looks like I
took a little bit more damage during
this shipwreck than you guys yeah what
the heck you guys look great
I noticed like a bear slashed you in the
back too there's some some clothing
oh oh yeah what the heck yeah yeah it
was right there you guys I don't know
what you guys you guys are wrapped in
bubble wrap or something when this
happened but apparently not me uh
treasure map
oh
interesting did you guys have a treasure
map too yeah are they all the same
though oh well my ex is drowning who's
driving I'm good okay my ex is
like a big
Stone area with sand Opex a big Stone up
right yeah mine is top right but it's
all sand it's not Stone right you don't
you don't see like some gray stone area
or anything uh here let's trade maybe
here
oh what are you doing with that crossbow
I'm getting ready
yeah it's the same thing there's like
gray area you don't see like what no
mine looks like Sandstone there's some
Stone there there is some Stone yeah
yeah you're right there is some Stone oh
wait I guess it's the same map yeah keep
it I want my map back all right
they stock too that's how similar
similar and the same they are all right
so we can actually like punch some stuff
here let's let's go ahead and grab
some Necessary Things ethos already
grabbing a bunch of wood
yeah if everybody needs wood I'll drop
it before you here okay okay
I got this for you
what's that Mr ladders yes ladders hey
you guys got pants
yeah
I got a helmet oh that was the traveling
stuff down here oh oh there's wood too
okay oh we need to shovel to dig up our
treasure map
uh was there more or was that it
um I think that was it I didn't see much
more down there so yeah yeah there's no
more there's no more weapon I just got
wood so this is how we uh were Manning
the ship and Shipwrecked it we probably
shouldn't know what's on it but I guess
not oh okay those crates say drop stuff
they do when you break them yeah there
was rotten flesh inside okay that's good
to know that's good to know all right so
we've crash landed I I am a little worse
for where you guys look great let's see
what this says guide to sanity
do you want me to read it
yeah sure I killed the bunny why did you
do that I'm a monster
guy to sanity by mouse surviving
surviving on minimal resources and
fending off monsters whose only goal is
to kill you leaves little time to look
after your mind this book is your one
and only guide to staying sane in dark
times the tab menu shows your current
sanity next to your name what
next to your name dying will lower your
sanity by one level if you reach zero
sanity that's game over what
wait what there's nothing to enforce
this rule whoa hey come on that's not
fair okay that's terrifying it just
turned dark I think okay hold on Stay
Together Stay Together lightning stay
yes okay uh
okay there's nothing to enforce this
rule though so feel free to ignore this
for a more relaxed playthrough you can
you can restore your sanity by picking
breaking flowers or picking flowers
hidden around the map or enjoying a
sweet drink of Honey the maximum is
Seven Levels let's try to not get it to
zero guys we can do this we could do it
right yeah yeah if you see any flask to
zero are we just counting of what all of
us go to zero I think all of us let's
let's make it so if all of us go to zero
we fail this mission
okay okay so
does our health not regen it it you know
remember it's the food so when you eat
every stores yeah so what do you punch
me ethos
guys you see this see this I do
oh
oh uh I think I got too close
or maybe it was the cactus on my back I
don't know
there there was some coal back there
nobody had to pick right I don't know it
went dark I can't see oh yeah we don't
have it but we can make a pick
oh true you're you're so right beef okay
where's the cool grab that yeah let's do
that let's grab the coal let's grab some
Cobble oh actually I don't know if
there's any Cobble wait is that all
Stone over there
no that's all sandstone and sand okay
all right
you making a pick
I got a crafting table okay I can yeah
we should make like swords and stuff too
if you don't have one I have a gold
sword guys I saw a spawner and it kind
of gave me like
flashbacks
remembering the good old days no the
good old days
okay grabbing this
as a torch here too I guess we'll pick
that up
you guys ever watch like the old Team
Canada montages people make no it's like
it's like pause screaming the whole time
whoa what what the heck happened
zobbles where'd that come from I don't
know I don't know night oh I think my my
mob sounds might be off let me just fix
that real quick
oh yeah when they get hit or not yes I
do
wait what else is off is there any stone
here no not yet
uh okay yeah I don't think there is
Stone there's another zombie coming
so that cookie restores
a half a heart really okay did you make
a sword pause should I just make a stone
song yeah uh not Stone but wood take a
wood sword
that's what I meant a wood I guess I'll
have a little bit more wood
sword
okay
let's look directly across from here
there's that the spawner right there oh
yeah
now
hmm am I cheating
that's a creeper man what do you mean
something it's been that long there's a
creeper spotter though oh yeah there it
is
we can't really break any spawners can
we because we don't have a pic
oh my God
let's keep walking let's keep watching
you don't want to light there's a chest
though there's a chest oh is there a
chest yeah I didn't see that careful
possible wait I'm gonna see if I can put
a torch on it is he on you
yeah it looks like he's on me oh gosh
oh gosh this could be
okay there's a torch now
do you want to open up that chest well
these three are me yeah oh my goodness
oh
trap me I got it I got it oh wait I
think it fell on everything oh this is
good guys grab this grab this stuff I
thought you're gonna drown one second
there's this oh
there's another creeper
right there he's stuck in the in the web
get some food man
okay here here somebody grab that well I
heard something else coming
here's another one either behind you
grab that thank you thank you
all right
um I wonder if the Redstone torches do
anything
because hold on let me just break that
is there anything hidden no there's
nothing okay
uh okay so
what did I get what did I get I got a
golden apple a splash potion of regen so
if you guys are low we can regen at some
point yeah uh and then it could be half
a heart I have three and a half hearts
now I don't I maybe use it already beef
yeah yeah let's let's do that get
huddled together
sorry boys no no I was down too and I
have no food left so it's fine also here
okay I also got this
but
so do you think we should go after that
spawner right there and see if there's
any chest there
maybe I also think it's gonna be
perpetually night just judging yeah
oh no okay that's charged creepers
that's fine everything's good he he blew
up he survived that he didn't blow up
the thing for some some reason I'm
trying to light the okay oh flower
guys I'm more sane
okay cool you're up to six now yeah
more sane than you guys let's go insane
this guy's going insane
all right let me break this real quick
uh is there anything on this hill other
than that Charged Creeper spawner
I guess not just the the sanity oh wait
there's a there's a chest over here
there's a chest there okay so there's a
there's a creeper right there
I don't know if there are any
spawners hidden here I'll let you open
the chest
since you stopped bye already there we
go do not have the sword I think I have
a stone sword oh I'm here take the arrow
oh there's a bow and arrow in here nice
okay stick
yeah it's all 10 cookies that's gonna be
good here let's let's put these
I got this guy this guy has an iron
sword be careful
I'll take that I also have a bed if we
want to set our spawn ever that's a good
idea
we'd have to leave it wouldn't we yeah
so whenever we're ready for uh behind
you yeah
okay so this place looks pretty good the
should we have this wood I feel like
it's pretty fair responsible
uh maybe we can yeah why not
yeah why not I don't have an ax yet but
whatever
I got an efficiency 3x don't worry boys
lucky what do you think we'll get
um
saplings from this these Leaf blocks
oh yeah you know it's been so long I
forget how ctm maps are I know right you
basically have the new ones got like
super easy though like where you don't
need that kind of stuff it just gives it
to you well let's see if this one's
super easy
hope not
oh my sword by the way is called a gold
Cutlass
nice and it has cursive Vanishing so
probably not the best vanish on us yeah
I won't I won't vanish my story oh whoa
there's an emerald over here Emerald
yeah two emeralds interesting that's got
to be something
what kind of island is you can't run it
with gold uh-oh oh you can't did you
break it
yep okay that's fine that's fine get
that wood that's there actually
oh yeah look at that I'm gonna go ahead
and carry the torches on my off hand
I have OptiFine so it's easier for me to
like see I don't know if you guys are
using it is this guy well it's not
cheating there was no rules absolutely
being a cheater there's some Cobble over
here if we need oh that's yes if you
guys mind if I toggle god mode so I make
cool content for everyone here I'm just
gonna go into creative mode
you can't break an emerald with a gold I
thought you could no apparently not okay
I won't break that don't worry I'll
probably like beef I'll go into creative
on hard so that uh on harder all right
all right
okay so ethos over here oh I hear some
coal blocks here there is uh there's a
little bit of monster action Happening
Here
I found this trap no what oh
you fell into a trap or you found it
what
it didn't blow up I mined a block and
there was a pressure plate under it but
I didn't do anything
oh
dear okay this is nice big blocks of
coal oh that is there are spawners
everywhere I broke I broke the pressure
plane
was under it definitely grab all the
Cobble okay so some of the some of the
Cobble this some of the Cobble is um oh
okay oh Etho died guys where were you
you just left me you loved us yeah you
ran away
me and beef are together oh
oh I know you're together you ran
away together okay okay hold on
oh okay this is a bad thing this is
awful why is there so many spawners now
there okay
okay this is this spider needs to stop
business here hold on I gotta eat can I
can you heal with the rotten flesh
oh the rotten flesh helps
by the way this is old school ctm so you
lose your stuff when you die well that's
the way you like it right old school FYI
oh wait does the rotten flesh slow you
down I have slowness all of a sudden
possibly
we'll throw anything up else up there
pause
no just a big boom boom that is a big
hole okay let's uh mine this stuff
though oh Jesus I'm doing just fine
I'll worry about me
pause
are you good uh no I've got friends
friends are coming at me
okay good he took care of that goodness
okay grab all the things I'm gonna go
down here
yeah that's fine that's fine wait so all
your things gone no I I oh
but yeah things are a little rough
around here I I don't know if you guys
have been experiencing any of it uh yeah
we've been it hasn't been good
I think that pressure plate that you
found was a was like a a dummy pressure
it was like fake one yeah
oh and it blew up after yeah yep you
should see the size of this hole down
here
dude that mountain was surrounded by
spawners but it looks like they got
blown up yes so no I didn't break any
spawners all right let's maybe we should
get out of this area yeah I have half a
heart yeah oh by the way pause I know
it's been a long time since you played
but these uh dead bushes give you sticks
if you break them sometimes
oh okay
okay where are we heading I'm gonna make
some more torches real quick that's not
how you make torches there we go
um I think we should go towards where
the lamps are now oh wait there's
another look over there there's more
coal and like a redstone torch
okay maybe we should go for that like
should we be lighting this all up you
think or is that a waste of torches I am
lighting where things get bad
but I don't know I don't think I'll have
enough torches to light everything
Delight everywhere I feel because it
doesn't look like like things are
spawning over here just
okay so challenging areas uh be really
careful with this there's redstone torch
above here
but it doesn't seem like it doesn't no I
don't think it does anything I think it
was just indicating
oh careful there's a creeper coming up
possibly you have your do you have uh
you're the only one with a a ranged
weapon here have my arrows
I missed them completely
can I can you place the bed down
I think I'm a I'm gonna okay okay
do you want some zombie flesh pause
I don't know I have half a heart do you
think it's worth like yeah you got to
save our sanity yeah yeah here I have
16.
you're 16 yeah
I've been killing a lot of zombies treat
me like a king only the best for you
buddy only the best result zombie flesh
I have a golden apple too by the way in
case anybody really needs something
I found it somewhere so did we uh not
follow the treasure map at all did we go
past this oh are we supposed to be
following that
where are we is that what the compass
leads to maybe oh no the compass leads
to the monument
so maybe you should go to that treasure
map actually there is a chest Step Ahead
there everyone yeah yeah I saw that I
think that's probably a good idea
here I'll kind of like I mean just now
went down this flesh
oh it's a gas
oh nice job Etho range range got it nice
leave it to ladders
peacock so wait can I go over there and
light that Etho watch my back
oh I can't light it there all these
blocks are unlightable okay there's
there's like cave spiders there too
okay I'm gonna try again
okay cave spider down yeah break it if
you can
okay I lit it first now the lighting
doesn't work you gotta break okay
breaking it it's broken
uh that's down there some weird crystals
in there charm of Solona let's take one
each yep okay there's a creeper behind
you but I got him
I am a little low on food
gave all my flesh oh I have some more
flesh never mind
this is just missing one heart
okay these the Lona weapons are trash
what are they weapons uh apparently not
no you're putting it on in your off hand
oh it's offhand oh offhand whoa mine
just disappeared
wait what
just happened
blocking mod or resource pack
I'm not using any resource packs other
than the one that was just admitted beef
wait hold on how did that happen do you
guys um
that's not good
okay mine's gone did you get a speed
boost though or not oh maybe somebody
took the same one for because there was
three of them right yeah so I think
somebody took the same one as I did but
it showed up with my inventory yeah that
was really weird okay I have it now
um
so there's more light there I don't know
if we should be following the lanterns
or not
let's check the map
so it doesn't really say
if the map Port Points North always
right so we're going west
so we have to go Southwest
I'm assuming I'm not sure
I'm gonna try real quick to go to see if
we actually get on this map
there's like some summoning Circle over
there with the blue where towards where
you guys are going
oh
there's a skeleton here oh no
no no no no
oh guys yeah I think it's working
now I gotta go west
pause did you see her see where he went
because I wasn't hold on I'll give you
the chords when no when I drink
somewhere
he just kind of wandered off hey man I'm
trying to find this this treasure or
something
ah he's gonna get so lost
okay
come here come here minus 205 minus 20.
minus 205 minus 20. I will wait here for
you guys and I'll see you guys in the
next episode
in the next episode in the next episode
thank you all for watching see you next
time
why does it say buried treasure white
wall
oh that's the area maybe that I just got
into okay yeah see you next time bye-bye